---
layout: post
title: Lake Como
visit_date: October 13, 2017
home_page_title: Lake Como
home_page_image: /10.italy/como-21.jpg
theme: purple
image_folder: "10.italy"
permalink: /como/
---

# Como

Fast-forward about a week since we left Paris, Hannah took off to Dubai for
work, while I visited some family in Poland. We met back up in Como for a
phenomenal weekend.

Lake Como is a giant lake in the north of Italy, and is simply stunning. Lining
the entire lake are little towns, centuries old. The largest of them is Como, on
the south shore.

{% render_images como-3,landscape %}

We spent our first morning walking to lunch. The previous night at dinner we had
asked our waiter where they would go for lunch. He gave us the name of a
restaurant that was a few towns over called Trattoria del Glicine. So we did the
8KM walk around part of the lake to build up an appetite.


{% render_images como-27,landscape %}
{% render_images como-6,landscape %}
{% render_images como-9,landscape %}

### [Trattoria del Glicine](http://www.trattoriadelglicine.com/)

<div class="post__location__info">
  <div class="post__location__address">
    <div>Piazza Santo Stefano, Via Vittorio Veneto, 1</div>
    <div>22012 Cernobbio CO, Italy</div>
    <div><a href="https://goo.gl/maps/m9mB2suSZ932" target="_blank">Map</a></div>
  </div>

  <div class="post__location__hours">
    <div>Hours:</div>
    <div>Everyday: 12pm-2:30pm, 7-10:30pm</div>
  </div>
</div>

The hike up here was worth it. I didn't take photos of the food, but let me tell
you it was some of the best pasta I've ever had.

{% render_images como-16,landscape|como-17,portrait %}
{% render_images como-12,portrait|como-10,landscape %}

The views from hill were pretty stunning as well.

{% render_images como-22,portrait %}

We walked down the hill, and decided to take a ferry back.
{% render_images como-24,landscape %}
{% render_images como-29,landscape %}


## Como

We spent the afternoon wandering Como. The main center of town is filled with
cobble streets, local artist galleries mixed in with some high end Italian
wares. So pretty typical for a tourist town, but still very enjoyable.

{% render_images como-37,portrait|como-42,portrait %}
{% render_images como-48,portrait|como-53,portrait %}
{% render_images como-65,landscape|como-59,portrait %}
{% render_images como-60,landscape %}
{% render_images como-66,landscape %}

At lunch, we continued our recommendation game. We asked the waiter to pick us
out a spot for dinner. So that's what we did. And we were determined to continue
this game as long as we could, only eating based on the recommendation of the
previous place.

We were still full from lunch, and ordered way to much food.

{% render_images como-72,portrait|como-73,landscape %}
{% render_images como-74,landscape %}

## I'm On A Boat

Woke up pretty early to grab a ferry to take us around the lake. Our goal was to
get to Bellagio around mid-day, and spend a few hours walking around. The ferry
is very slow. Took around three hours, but we didn't quite mind. Surrounded by
still water and gorgeous mountains isn't a bad way to spend a few hours.

{% render_images como-76,landscape %}
{% render_images como-85,landscape %}
{% render_images como-86,portrait|como-90,portrait %}
{% render_images como-95,landscape|como-92,portrait %}

## Bellagio

Steve Wynn named one of his casinos after this small town in Italy. Bellagio
apparently translates to "elegant relaxation" - a very fitting name.

{% render_images como-97,landscape %}
{% render_images como-98,landscape %}
{% render_images como-103,portrait|como-108,portrait %}
{% render_images como-110,portrait|como-111,landscape %}
{% render_images como-114,landscape %}

## I'm On A Boat - Part 2

After some wandering and a few espressos, we grabbed some to go lunch from a
local deli. We were a bit smarter this time, and took the express ferry back to
Como. On board, we dove into our lunch which included cheese, olives, deli meats
and a bottle of wine.

{% render_images como-115,landscape %}
{% render_images como-117,landscape %}
{% render_images como-120,landscape %}
{% render_images como-121,landscape %}

The next morning it was off to Milan.
